`AdvancedTable`: Website documentation (#2628)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/table/advanced-table/index.md

---
title: Advanced Table

> description: Used to display organized, two-dimensional tabular data.

Reviewer: [Suggestion]
```suggestion
description: Used to display complex, structured tabular data with advanced features.
```

Author: Should this be for the caption too?

caption: Used to display organized, two-dimensional tabular data.
links:
  figma: https://www.figma.com/design/iweq3r2Pi8xiJfD9e6lOhF/HDS-Components-v2.0?node-id=67216-35163&t=w8xQlWxzH7bwXLe2-1
  github: https://github.com/hashicorp/design-system/tree/main/packages/components/src/components/hds/advanced-table
related:
  [
    'components/table/table',
    'components/pagination',
    'patterns/filter-patterns',
    'patterns/table-multi-select',
  ]

> previewImage: assets/illustrations/components/table.jpg

Reviewer: @jorytindall + @hashicorp/his-design I actually have some examples for this here: https://www.figma.com/design/42LK10XbP5IERhzzgMOiI2/HDS-Website-Assets?m=auto&node-id=5238-510&t=jgClIXe3paedhqGB-1

> previewImage: assets/illustrations/components/table.jpg

Reviewer: For visibility, this illustration is on my branched PR. https://github.com/hashicorp/design-system/pull/2647
